[doc][ybm] Changes for pricing plans (#20900)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-cloud/managed-automation/managed-cli/managed-cli-examples/managed-cli-example-create.md

- [Installed ybm CLI](../../../managed-cli/managed-cli-overview/#install-ybm).
- [Configured ybm CLI](../../../managed-cli/managed-cli-overview/#configure-ybm) with your API key.

> Note that you can only create one Sandbox cluster per account. To create VPCs and dedicated clusters, you need to [choose a plan](https://www.yugabyte.com/pricing/), or you can [start a free trial](../../../../managed-freetrial/). For more information, refer to [What are the differences between Sandbox and Dedicated clusters](../../../../../faq/yugabytedb-managed-faq/#what-are-the-differences-between-sandbox-and-dedicated-clusters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can only create one Sandbox cluster per account. To create VPCs and dedicated clusters, you need to [choose a plan](https://www.yugabyte.com/yugabytedb-managed-standard-price-list/), or you can [start a free trial](../../../../managed-freetrial/). For more information, refer to [What are the differences between Sandbox and Dedicated clusters](../../../../../faq/yugabytedb-managed-faq/#what-are-the-differences-between-sandbox-and-dedicated-clusters).
```
